in Israel people are calling on the
government to do more for the release of
the hostages according to Israeli
authorities during the October 7th
attacked by Hamas 257 people were
abducted in total 110 have been released
alive and 11 bodies retrieved Israel
believes 136 hostages are still held in
Gaza though it suspects some of them are
dead tens of thousands of Israelis have
gathered in protest in Tel Aviv
demanding the release of hostages held
by Hamas the protesters are marking 100
days since Hamas took the hostages
during the October 7th attacks Israelis
are calling on their government to do
more for the release of the hostages who
include civilians and Israeli
soldiers Israel's military campaign has
damaged or destroyed around half of
gaza's buildings and displaced almost 2
million people some Israelis have doubts
about the way the war is being carried
out but Israel has vowed to press on
with its military campaign to eliminate
Hamas for the people of Gaza the last
100 days have been nothing short of a
disaster many have lost not just their
homes livelihoods and loved
ones but also any hope that life can
ever return to
normal a tragic catastrophic
Indescribable situation everyone saw
thousands of Martyrs and wounded those
who were not martyred were wounded who
wasn't wounded had their home destroyed
those who didn't lose their homes were
displaced no one in Gaza has been
Untouched by the
conflict this family say they used to be
wealthy but like thousands of other
garans they've been forced to flee and
now they're making pastries to
survive just 100 days ago we were living
in Paradise on Earth we had buildings
houses and possessions
we enjoyed a wonderful luxurious life
since the start of the war we've lost
everything our homes our possessions
everything in Israel too the pain is
real despite efforts to chase it away at
this Rave in Tel
Aviv it's one of a number of events
taking place to Mark the 100th day since
the terrorist attack and to plead for
the return of the more than 100 hostage
still being held in
Gaza including one of the youngest
abductees is it possible to make
something to free them from the Hamas to
bring him in his family back to Israel
to celebrate the birthday with his
family is it
possible Israel's government says it
will push ahead with its campaign until
the hostages have been returned and its
other War aims have been achieved
including the elimination of Hamas and
the threat it poses to the Jewish
state with no end in sight it seems a
suffering is set to
[Music]
continue all right let's uh speak now to
DW correspondent Tanya Kramer who joins
us from Jerusalem Tanya great to see you
so it's been a 100 days since the war
between Israel and Hamas began thousands
of people have died in that time
tell us what the atmosphere is like in
Israel at this Grim
Milestone well I think it really depends
who you ask here and I talked to some
people here uh this morning in Israel
there's really a somber mood a sad mood
as well um people are having you know
they said to me mixed feelings about uh
still uh people are saying you know what
happened on October 7 took away their
sense of safety uh and security a lot of
question s being asked about how that
could happen but also of course now
about the war there's a lot of focus of
course in Israel what's happening uh uh
in in the fighting every morning uh
there news of soldiers that have been
killed uh in uh Gaza and the fighting
there's a bit less focus on what's
happening on the civilian population
side in Gaza here in the reporting and
of course a lot of focus is still as you
said uh on the hostages uh it's believed
that 136 hostages are uh still in Gaza
and people are really asking uh what is
being done to bring them home Tanya
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has said Israel will continue
its war against Hamas until they are
victorious and they won't be stopped by
anyone is this a stance that has wide
support in
Israel I think it still does have uh
Brad support at least when you're
looking at polls and surveys that people
do uh support support uh the war efforts
but of course there also uh other people
are saying you know Israel needs to look
at what what will happen next and of
course there's also the sense that this
uh war in Gaza while it is continuing
there are other threats especially also
when you look at the northern border uh
uh the uh crossb fire that has been
intensifying or appeared to have been
intensifying in the past weeks between
Israel uh and Hezbollah but at the same
people at the same time you know there
are also a lot of people that are still
displaced uh in in in the South
alongside the Gaza uh border area but
also in the north and these people are
still also in hos in in in in hotels
here and they have not been uh able to
go home but also what we are seeing
there's of course more question asked
where this will going and also the
question about
responsibility um because prime minister
Benjamin netan has not taken
responsibility what happened on October
7th and according to pause a lot of
people I would like to see elections
once this war will end thanks Tanya tww
correspondent Tanya crer in Jerusalem
Forest